#67696 Limit ClassGraph scanning by package names (#393)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: release-notes/major10/10.7.0/valtimo-backend-libraries.md

The following bugs were fixed:

* **Limit ClassGraph scanning**

>   In rare cases an out of memory error could occur. This has been fixed by limiting the ClassGraph scanning by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In rare cases an out of memory error could occur due t ClassGraph scanning all packages. This has been resolved by
```
